README.md, before:

# COMP3000 Computing Project
## Author: Joseph Murray
## Supervisor: Hai-Van Dang

### Project Title: Anti Phisher

### Project Vision
Children are becoming increasingly exposed to phishing emails, which attempt to trick them into divulging sensitive information, performing financial transfers, or downloading malware. Unfortunately, children are especially susceptible to phishing due to their limited cybersecurity awareness, curiosity, and naivety, making them a favourable target for social engineers.

Anti Phisher aims to solve this problem by providing children (ages 8-13) with an engaging mobile-based learning game where they are taught how to recognize and respond to phishing emails. This is achieved through satisfying gameplay whereby players interact with simulated emails to identify phishing indicators and select suitable responses. Additionally, this gameplay is supported with dialogue teachings and visual feedback to aid the player’s learning.

This game equips children with essential practical skills in phishing awareness and mitigation to minimize their exposure to phishing. This ensures that children are much safer when interacting with email platforms and that parents can be assured that their children are better protected from the dangers of phishing. Moreover, having obtained this fundamental knowledge during childhood, children will be much more capable of defending themselves against phishing emails in the future.

In comparison to existing internet safety games such as Interland and Cyber Land, Anti Phisher exclusively focuses on phishing, opting for a more specialized and tailored educational approach rather than one that considers all cornerstones of internet safety.


### Features
* **Interactions with Simulated Emails** - Players are given the ability to interact with simulated emails to learn how to effectively identify and respond to phishing attempts.

* **Linear Progression System** - Players will play through a series of increasingly challenging levels that introduce more sophisticated emails as they progress.

* **Visual Feedback** - Players are provided with visually clear, colour-coded feedback, and are given scores for their performance.


### Technology Stack
* **Unity 6 Editor & Game Engine**

* **C#**

* **Android Build Support module**

Commit message:

Included instructions for installing and playing the game within the Unity Editor - in the README file

README.md, after:

# COMP3000 Computing Project
## Author: Joseph Murray
## Supervisor: Hai-Van Dang

### Project Title: Anti Phisher

### Installation & Play Instructions
To install and run the game within the Unity Editor, follow these instructions:
1) Open a Command Prompt and navigate to the directory you wish to install the project to.
2) In the command prompt, run the command: *git clone https://github.com/JMMM-12/COMP3000_Joseph_Murray_Phishing-Awareness-Game.git*
3) Next, open the Unity Hub app, then press *Add > Add project from disk*.
4) Navigate to the directory where the repository was cloned
5) Navigate into the *Game_SourceCode* folder.
6) Select the *Anti_Phisher* folder and press *Open*.
7) Return to the Unity Hub app - a new project titled *Anti_Phisher* should appear under the projects menu.
8) Open the Project. This may take some time to load.
9) Once the project is open - in the project window (at the bottom), navigate to *Assets > Scenes*.
10) Double-click the *Level1* Scene.
11) Run the game by pressing the play button at the top of the screen.
12) Press on the *Game* dropdown and change this value to *Simulator*.


### Project Vision
Children are becoming increasingly exposed to phishing emails, which attempt to trick them into divulging sensitive information, performing financial transfers, or downloading malware. Unfortunately, children are especially susceptible to phishing due to their limited cybersecurity awareness, curiosity, and naivety, making them a favourable target for social engineers.

Anti Phisher aims to solve this problem by providing children (ages 8-13) with an engaging mobile-based learning game where they are taught how to recognize and respond to phishing emails. This is achieved through satisfying gameplay whereby players interact with simulated emails to identify phishing indicators and select suitable responses. Additionally, this gameplay is supported with dialogue teachings and visual feedback to aid the player’s learning.

This game equips children with essential practical skills in phishing awareness and mitigation to minimize their exposure to phishing. This ensures that children are much safer when interacting with email platforms and that parents can be assured that their children are better protected from the dangers of phishing. Moreover, having obtained this fundamental knowledge during childhood, children will be much more capable of defending themselves against phishing emails in the future.

In comparison to existing internet safety games such as Interland and Cyber Land, Anti Phisher exclusively focuses on phishing, opting for a more specialized and tailored educational approach rather than one that considers all cornerstones of internet safety.


### Features
* **Interactions with Simulated Emails** - Players are given the ability to interact with simulated emails to learn how to effectively identify and respond to phishing attempts.

* **Linear Progression System** - Players will play through a series of increasingly challenging levels that introduce more sophisticated emails as they progress.

* **Visual Feedback** - Players are provided with visually clear, colour-coded feedback, and are given scores for their performance.


### Technology Stack
* **Unity 6 Editor & Game Engine**

* **C#**

* **Android Build Support module**
